POINT, IN MORE WAYS THAN WE CAN
EVEN BEGIN.
WITHOUT FURTHER ADO, WE ARE IN
THE STUDIO OF RUSH LIMBAUGH.
FIRST, I WANT TO CONGRATULATE
YOU.
30 YEARS, TALK RADIO, THE KING
OF TALK RADIO, AND GOING
STRONGER THAN EVER.
>> Rush: IT IS AMAZING, IT
REALLY IS.
I AM ENJOYING IT AS MUCH AS I
EVER HAVE, IF NOT MORE SO.
I GET MORE THRILLS FROM IT, I
GET MORE SATISFACTION FROM IT,
THAT I EVER HAD.
IF YOU WOULD'VE TOLD ME 30 YEARS
AGO, OR EVEN 40, WHEN I WAS
DREAMING ABOUT THIS, BY THE TIME
I REACHED 65, THAT IT WOULD BE
MORE COMPETITIVE THAN EVER, THAT
IT WOULD BE MORE INVOLVED -- I
THOUGHT 65, YOU HAVE TO TAKE IT
EASY, GO TO THE BEACH, DO A
COUPLE HOURS A WEEK, THAT IS
THAT, LIKE JOHNNY CARSON DID.
I CAN'T IMAGINE NOT DOING THIS.
LARGELY BECAUSE OF YOU -- AS YOU
JUST LAID OUT, WE ARE SCARCELY
AT A TIPPING POINT.
I DON'T KNOW HOW MANY PEOPLE
ACTUALLY ARE AWARE OF HOW CLOSE
WE ARE TO LOSING OUR COUNTRY IS
FOUNDED.
WHAT IS IT GOING TO BE?
IT REALLY IS AT STAKE.
I'VE BEEN TRYING AND I DON'T HOW
MANY WAYS TO EXPLAIN TO MY
AUDIENCE WHY IT IS DIFFERENT NOW
THAN IT WAS 15 YEARS AGO, OR 20.
AND I DO IT BY TRYING TO ANALYZE
WHO THE LEFT IS.
WHAT THEY HAVE BECOME.
I AM NAIVE IN MANY WAYS.
>> Sean: I MIGHT TAKE AN
OBJECTION TO RUSH BEING NAIVE.
>> Rush: YOU TELL ME IF THIS
IS NAIVE.
I LOOK AT WHAT HAPPENED DURING
THE KAVANAUGH HEARING.
YOU DESCRIBED RICIN ON THE STUFF
TO SUSAN COLLINS.
WE LOOKED AT THE LITERAL MOB
BEHAVIOR, THAT WAS INSPIRED,
BOUGHT AND PAID FOR, BY THE
DEMOCRAT PARTY, THE MEDIA
ENCOURAGED IT.
IN MY NAIVE WORLD, THAT BEHAVIOR
WOULD SECURE THE BIGGEST
LANDSLIDE DEFEAT A POLITICAL
PARTY HAS EVER HAD.
IN A SANE WORLD, WHERE DECENT
PEOPLE ARE THE MAJORITY, THAT
WOULD BE REJECTED OUT OF HAND.
IT WOULDN'T EVEN BE CONSIDERED
RELEVANT.
AND THE PEOPLE OF THIS COUNTRY
WOULD WANT TO GET RID OF THAT AS
QUICKLY AS THEY COULD.
YET, IT MAY BE CLOSE TO 50% OF
THE COUNTRY.
I DON'T THINK IT IS, AND I HOPE
NOT, BUT THE FACT THAT IT
CONTINUES TO SURVIVE, I HAVE
EVOLVED A BUNCH OF THEORIES TO
EXPLAIN IT.
AND I REALLY THINK -- BY THE
WAY, INTERRUPT ANY TIME WITH
QUESTIONS.
>> Sean: NOW, YOU ARE DOING
GREAT.
>> Rush: I REALLY THINK THAT
ALL OF THIS -- THE VAST MAJORITY
OF IT, STILL, SEAN, REVOLVES
AROUND ONE OF THE AGE-OLD
ARGUMENTS THAT LEFT VERSUS RIGHT
HAS HAD, THAT IS ROLE OF
GOVERNMENT.
IN THEIR LIVES.
THE PEOPLE ON THE LEFT, I READ
SOME OF WHAT JIM GARRITY AND
NATIONAL REVIEW, ABOUT A MONTH
AGO NOW, AND IT JUST STRUCK ME,
BECAUSE I THINK IT IS DEAD ON.
I WILL PARAPHRASE WHAT HE SAID.
HE SAID, WHAT HAS HAPPENED, IN
HIS VIEW -- I ENDORSE THIS EVEN
MORE THAN HE DOES PETER THINK IT
IS A BIGGER POINT THAT HE MADE
IT.
THESE PEOPLE ON THE LEFT, THE
MOB BEHAVIOR, IS REALLY A SERIES
OF PSYCHOLOGICAL DISORDERS THAT
HAVE TAKEN OVER POLITICS.
WE HAVE POLITICIZED
PSYCHOLOGICAL DISORDERS TO THE
POINTING OUT THAT THEY HAVE
BECOME THE OBJECTIVE OF THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
ASSAULTING ALL OF THESE
DISPARATE, SEPARATE
PSYCHOLOGICAL DISORDERS, HAVING
THE GOVERNMENT DO IT,
BASICALLY DETERMINED OUTCOMES.
AND GET EVEN WITH OPPRESSORS,
THE FOUNDING MAJORITY OF THE
COUNTRY.
THAT IS WHAT WE ARE DEALING
WITH.
IF WE DON'T DEFINE THIS
PROPERLY, WE ARE NEVER GOING TO
BE ABLE TO OPPOSE IT.
IF WE CONSIDER THE STUFF LEGIT,
WHICH IT ISN'T.
THAT IT KIND OF BEHAVIOR IS NOT
LEGITIMATE.
WE DO NOT WANT TO COUNTRY BASED
ON THAT KIND -- WE DON'T WANT
PEOPLE WINNING ELECTIONS BASED
ON MOBS AND VIOLENCE.
THINK IF THAT HAPPENS.
IF THEY WIN THE ELECTION BASED
ON THIS KIND OF BEHAVIOR --
EXACTLY RIGHT.
WHAT DO DECENT PEOPLE DO?
DECENT PEOPLE DO NOT SPEND ALL
DAY TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO
BATTLE THIS.
DECENT PEOPLE ARE LIVING THEIR
LIVES.
WE'VE GOT PERVERSION, INDECENCY,
CORRUPTION COME UP AGAINST WHAT
USED TO BE CALLED NORMALCY.
>> Sean: HILLARY CLINTON -- WE
CAN'T BE CIVIL UNLESS YOU GIVE
US POWER BACK.
ERIC HOLDER, THEY GO LOW, WE
KICK THEM.
MAXINE WATERS, IF YOU SEE THEM,
CREATE A CROWD.
GO TELL THEM, FOLLOW THEM INTO
DEPARTMENT STORES AND GROCERY
STORES AND GAS STATIONS.
YOU ARE NOT WANTED ANYWHERE
ANYMORE.
AND WE SAW PAM BONDI, SECRETARY
NIELSEN, AND WE SAW SARAH
SANDERS, TED CRUZ AND HIS WIFE,
HEIDI, MITCH McCONNELL, I
THINK RAND IS RIGHT.
SOMEBODY IS GOING TO GET HURT
HERE.
IN THE END.
LOOK AT, I BLAME THE PEOPLE FOR
THEIR ACTIONS, BUT THERE IS
CERTAINLY MARCHING ORDERS HERE.
CONFRONT, ATTACK, GET IN THEIR
FACES.
>> Rush: ALL OF IT IS MARCHING
ORDERS.
ALL OF IT IS BOUGHT AND PAID
FOR.
LOOK AT THIS CARAVAN.
WHERE IS IT?
HONDURAS, GUATEMALA, DOESN'T
MATTER.
SOMEBODY IS PAYING FOR THIS.
WHERE ARE THESE PEOPLE GOING TO
THE BATHROOM?
WHO IS FEEDING THEM?
2,000, 4,000 PEOPLE, KIDS, THAT
IS THE MAGIC.
AND THEY PUT THE CHILDREN IN
THERE.
WE CAN'T SEND THEM AWAY, IT IS
SO HORRIBLE.
IT IS ALL DESIGNED AND IT IS ALL
DESIGNED DURING THE ELECTION
PAIRED WE HAVE THIS, WORRY ABOUT
RAISING INTEREST RATES TO JAM
DOWN THE ECONOMY, WAY OVER
THERE, GUESS WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
ROBERT MUELLER IS ABOUT READY TO
SUBMIT HIS REPORT.
WELL, JUSTICE DEPARTMENT RULES
AND GUIDELINES SAY THEY SHOULD
NOT DO IT TO IMPACT THE RESULTS
OF AN ELECTION.
BUT THAT DIDN'T -- COMEY DID,
DIDN'T HE?
HE WAS DOING EVERYTHING HE COULD
TO HELP HILLARY, PEOPLE DON'T
UNDERSTAND THIS.
THESE THINGS ARE ALL PLANNED AND
THEY ARE ALL GETTING FOCUSED
LEADING UP TO THE ELECTION.
PEOPLE ASK ME, WHAT CAN I DO?
I WANT TO DO MORE THAN VOTE.
RIGHT NOW, THAT IS THE ANSWER.
I KNOW PEOPLE THINK THEIR VOTE
IS NOT ENOUGH, BUT IT IS.
TURNOUT IS EVERYTHING.
THIS IS ALMOST AN IDENTICAL
SCENARIO TO 2016.
THEY THINK, SEAN, THEY REALLY
DO -- SOME OF THIS IS HOPE, BUT
A LOT OF AMERICANS THAT VOTED
FOR TRUMP REGRET IT.
TO APOLOGIZE FOR THE MISTAKE OF
VOTING -- THEY CAN'T WAIT TO GO
OUT AND APOLOGIZE.
THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS, SINCE
BARACK OBAMA, THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY HAS BEEN LOSING
ELECTION PAIRED STARTING IN 2010
COME ALL THE WAY UP TO 2016, THE
DEMOCRAT PARTY HAS LOST 1200
SEATS.
NATIONAL, STATE, LOCAL.
YOU HAVE TO COUNT ALL THE WAY
DOWN TO THE DOG CATCHER, THEY
HAVE LOST.
THEY HAVE THE LEAST AMOUNT OF
ELECTORAL POLITICAL POWER IN
WASHINGTON SINCE THE '20s.
WHERE IS THIS BLUE WAVE?
WHERE'S THE EVIDENCE THAT PEOPLE
CAN'T WAIT TO VOTE DEMOCRAT?
THE EVIDENCE AS THEY ARE ARE
DOING THE EXACT OPPOSITE.
TRUMP IS OUT THERE CONTINUING TO
DO THE THINGS HE DID THAT WON
HIM THE ELECTION IN 2016, ALL OF
THESE RALLIES.
THEY HAVE BEEN UNABLE TO GET RID
OF HIM.
THEY HAVE THROWN EVERYTHING AT
US BEFORE THAT USUALLY GETS RID
OF REPUBLICAN OPPONENTS, AND
NOTHING HAS WORKED.
AND THEY'RE JUST FRUSTRATED AS
THEY CAN BE, AND I THINK THEY
ARE SO OVERPLAYING THIS, AND
THEY ARE GOING WAY BEYOND THE
BOUNDS OF ANYWHERE NEAR
PROPRIETY.
WHAT THEY THINK, MOST AMERICANS
WANT TO BE ENCOURAGED TO DO
MOB-LIKE BEHAVIOR, GETTING
PEOPLE'S FACES.
I DON'T THINK PETE WE HAVE LOST
THE COUNTRY TO THAT EXTENT
THAT THAT WINS ELECTIONS.
>> Sean: HOW BIG AN IMPACT --
OHR TO ME A TIPPING POINT.
I THINK MOST PEOPLE
FUNDAMENTALLY BELIEVE IN THE
RULE OF LAW, THE CONSTITUTION,
DUE PROCESS, PRESUMPTION OF
INNOCENCE.
THERE WAS NONE OF THAT.
>> Rush: LOOK HOW CLOSE THEY
WERE TO GETTING AWAY WITH THAT,
THOUGH.
YOU AND I WATCHED THIS FROM A
DIFFERENT PERSPECTIVE THAN A LOT
OF PEOPLE.
SADLY, THERE ARE STILL A LOT OF
PEOPLE THAT ONLY GET THEIR NEWS
FROM WHAT WE CALL THE MAINSTREAM
MEDIA.
IF DONALD TRUMP --
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAD NOT COME AT
THAT RALLY, EXPOSED CHRISTINE --
>> Sean: NO CORROBORATION.
>> Rush: NON!
THE FOUR PEOPLE SHE SAYS WHERE
THERE -- THEY GET MAD AT TRUMP
FOR MOCKING HER.
HE DIDN'T MARK HER PAIRED TO
MOCK HER, HE WOULD HAVE TO
IMPERSONATE HER.
BUT I CAN DO, BUT I WILL NOT.
>> Sean: YOU ARE SHOWING GREAT
RESTRAINT.
HE EXPOSED HER.
TO A BUNCH OF AMERICANS WHO
DIDN'T KNOW, BECAUSE THE
MAINSTREAM MEDIA HAD NOT
REPORTED ALL OF THE HOLES IN HER
STORY.
SO TRUMP DOES, AND IN GETTING
TRUMP, THEY END UP REPORTING
WHAT TRUMP SAID PAIRED THAT WAS
THE TIPPING POINT, PLUS WHAT
KAVANAUGH DID TO SAVE HIMSELF
PAIRED BUT YOU ARE RIGHT,
PERCEPTION OF INNOCENCE GONE
PAIRED THEY WERE CLOSE TO
KILLING MATT BY INTIMIDATING
REPUBLICAN ON THAT COMMITTEE
COMMITTEE.
BUT IT DIDN'T WORK AGAIN BECAUSE
I BELIEVE THE PRESIDENT CAME IN
AND SAVE THE DAY.
>> Sean: LOOK, I DON'T HAVE A
CRYSTAL BALL.
I ALWAYS THOUGHT AND BELIEVED IN
MY HEART THE MEDIA IS WRONG,
TRUMP CAN WIN.
YOU CAN SEE IT, YOU CAN FEEL IT.
I DON'T KNOW WHO IS GOING TO RUN
AGAINST OBAMA AND '08.
YOU SAW THE CROWDS, HE SAW THE
ENTHUSIASM, IN THAT CASE, I
THINK IT WAS A LOT OF HYPE AND
NO CHANGE, TYPICAL LEFT-WING
POLICIES.
YOU PREDICTED TO ME THAT IT
WOULD FAIL, AND IT DID FAIL.
BUT SOMETHING IS DIFFERENT
PAIRED PRESIDENT TRUMP -- YOU
COULD SEE BUILDING MOMENTUM.
AND NOW WE HAVE THESE MIDTERMS.
FLORIDA, THEY COULD PICK UP A
SENATE SEAT.
I THINK YOU COULD PICK ONE UP IN
MISSOURI.
I THINK HE WILL HOLD NEVADA.
I THINK HE WILL WIN IN ARIZONA.
NORTH DAKOTA, INDIANA, ALL
POTENTIAL PICKUPS, WHERE I WOULD
WORRY ABOUT MORTGAGE THE HOUSE.
I DON'T HAVE A FEEL.
>> Rush: IT IS HARD, SO MANY
SEATS THERE.
SO MANY VARIABLES AND VICTORIES.
BUT LET'S LOOK AT THIS IN THE
MACRO WAY.
LET'S COMPARE THIS -- YOU WANT
TO GO TO 2008 -- LET'S GO BACK
TO 2016.
I KNOW YOU WERE, EARLY ON, VERY
CONFIDENT THAT TRUMP WAS GOING
TO WIN PAY MY STAFF HERE WILL
TELL ME THAT TO GO DAYS -- WHEN
I FIRST SAW THE FIRST POLLING
AFTER TRUMP AND MILANI I WENT
DOWN THE ESCALATOR, I SAID, HE
IS THE NOMINEE.
IT IS GOING TO HAPPEN, I FELT
IT.
YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE I KNOW THE BOND, I SAW
THOSE RALLIES.
I SAW THE BOND THAT TRUMP HAD
WITH HIS VOTERS.
THE MEDIA DIDN'T CREATE THAT.
HE DID.
I DID VERSIONS OF THAT WHEN MY
SHOW STARTED TRAVELING AROUND,
48 WEEKENDS A YEAR FOR THE FIRST
TWO YEARS, TRYING TO GET MY
RADIO SHOW ESTABLISHED.
I SAW SIMILAR SUCCESS TRACK.
AND NOBODY CAN BLOW UP THAT BOND
THAT TRUMP VOTERS HAVE, BUT
WASHINGTON ESTABLISHMENT, TO
THIS DAY, DOES NOT UNDERSTAND
DONALD TRUMP HERE THEY DON'T
UNDERSTAND HIS VOTERS, AND THEY
ARE NOT CURIOUS TO FIND OUT WHY.
THEY JUST RESENTED.
AND THEY ARE STILL OPERATING
UNDER THE SAME RULES THEY
OPERATED UNDER IN 2016, AND THE
PARALLELS ARE IDENTICAL HERE.
THEY THINK I'M IN 2016, HILLARY
IS GOING TO WIN.
MASSIVE LANDSLIDE, MEASURING THE
CURTAINS, HILLARY PLANNING ALL
OF THESE THINGS.
THE DEEP STATE GUYS BACK THEN
ARE CONFIDENT NOBODY WILL EVER
KNOW WHAT THEY DID, THEIR JOBS
AND CAREERS WILL BE SAFE.
STRZOK AND ALL OF THEM, BUT THEN
A TRUMP COMES ALONG AND WINS.
SAME THING NOW, THEY THINK THEY
HAVE WON THE HOUSE A MONTH AGO.
IT IS IN THE CAN.
THEY ARE JUST WAITING FOR THE
CALENDAR AND THE DAYS TO GO BY.
WHEN ALL OF THEIR OWN POINT
DATA SHOWS THE BLUE WAVE
SHRINKING AND SHRINKING.
NOW YOU FIND LESS CONFIDENCE IN
ALL OF THE REPORTING ABOUT THE
BLUE WAVE, SO NOW WE HAVE THE
CARE OF ON, THEY TRY KAVANAUGH
PAIR LOOK AT ALL OF THE OCTOBER
SURPRISES.
POCAHONTAS.
ELIZABETH WARREN, HOW ABOUT
THIS, FOLKS.
WE USED TO BE JUDGED BY THE
CONTENT OF OUR CHARACTER.
NOW IT IS THE CONTENT OF OUR
DNA.
IS THAT WITH THE DEMOCRATIC
PARTY -- TALK ABOUT BASTARDIZING
MARTIN LUTHER KING.
FEINSTEIN BOMBS OUT.
AND ALL OF THESE -- BALL FOUR
WERE ATTEMPTED, WERE PURPOSE TO,
TO BLOW TRUMP UP, AND HE JUST
KEEPS BEATING THEM BACK.
AND THEY DON'T KNOW HOW TO DEAL
WITH IT.
THEY GET MORE AND MORE
FRUSTRATED, MORE AND MORE ANGRY.
>> Sean: SOME ICE AT THE END
OF THE SHOW WILL TAKE A CLIP AND
RUN IT.
MY AUDIENCE LOVES TO SEE YOU,
THANKS FOR DOING THE SHOW.
AS DO I.
WHAT IF THEY WIN?
WHAT IF THE DEMOCRATS WIN?
YOU LOVE THAT QUESTION.
>> Rush: THE PROBLEM HERE IS I
AM ON TELEVISION, AND I'M REALLY
TRYING TO BE PERSUASIVE, I DO
NOT WANT TO DRAMATIZE IT.
I DO NOT WANT TO LIE TO PEOPLE
AND I DID NOT WANT TO FILL
PEOPLE WITH PHONY, MANIPULATIVE,
EMOTIONAL THINGS.
BUT IT MIGHT SERVE TO ANSWER
THAT QUESTION TO GO BACK -- WHAT
IF HILLARY HAD WON IN 2016?
STOP AND THINK OF THAT.
THERE WOULDN'T BE A ROARING
ECONOMY.
THERE WOULDN'T HAVE BEEN ANY CAT
TAX CUTS, THERE WOULD NOT HAVE
BEEN ROLLED BACK ON REGULATIONS,
NO SWEARING OF THE DEAL WITH
NATO.
THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION TOLD
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, GET USE TO
IT, THERE IS A NEW AMERICAN
ECONOMY, AND IT IS FLAT LINE OR
IN DECLINE.
AMERICA'S PAST, WE DID NOT
DESERVE THAT.
AMERICA WAS FOUNDED BY A WHITE
PATRIARCHY TO SET ITSELF UP --
PEOPLE DISCRIMINATED AGAINST,
BUT THOSE DAYS ARE OVER.
THE DAYS BEHIND US, DID WE
DIDN'T DESERVE THOSE ANYWAY.
WE HAVE A FLAT LINE ECONOMY, WE
WERE TOLD -- OBAMA IS OUT THERE
IN INDIANA TELLING THESE PEOPLE
THEIR JOBS ARE NEVER COMING
BACK.
AND SOME IN THE AUDIENCE,
"MR. TRUMP SAYS."
AND OBAMA SAYS "WHAT IS HE GOING
TO DO, WAVE A MAGIC WAND?"
LOOK WHAT WE DID, THEY DO NOT
WANT TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT.
THEY RESENT THE WHOLE IDEA OF
AMERICA BECOMING GREAT.
THEY RESENT THE IDEA OF AMERICA
AS A SUPERPOWER, RUNNING THE
WORLD FOR GOOD.
WE ARE THE GOOD GUYS.
IF HE HAD AN WON, SEAN, I
SHUDDER TO THINK, WITH
HILLARY CLINTON IN THE
WHITE HOUSE AND ALL OF HER
CRONIES IN THE CABINET
POSITIONS, AND THE VALIDATION OF
ALL OF THESE ON BALL, WEIRD,
PERVERTED, LEFT-WING BEHAVIORS
BECOMING MORE AND MORE
NORMALIZED, AND POLITICS AND
GOVERNMENT ALL BEING ADDRESSED
IN THEIR GRIEVANCES -- WE HAVE
BECOME A COUNTRY OF NOTHING BUT
A BUNCH OF VICTIMS CONSTANTLY
ANGRY, DEMANDING THAT SOMEBODY
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, INSTEAD
OF ALL OF US -- AS WE USED TO